1. Hours to complete the project: ... hours
72 hours

2. Provide a short description of how you approached each problem, issues you 
   encountered, and how you resolved those issues.

   Problem 1 (Model a Percolation System): ...
      First I read the problem carefully and internalize all the information on the text. Then I started thinking about the problem. After the thinking process. I started question my self if I need to use loops or instance variables. Then after this step, The checklists (hints) came into handy since It alleviated all the confustions about whether I need instance variables and the purpose of each method. My problem started on the isFull method; this method challenged me a lot since I was confused about how to create the sink and source variables. But connecting sink and source was the major problem at the end and I resolved this issue by analyzing the code line by line and see if it makes some sense. It also prevented me from using codes on a wrong spot that would have caused the program to crash or not work properly. Overall, project 1 was a success. It really challenged my brain on figuring it out and thinking in the java world. 
   Problem 2 (Estimate Percolation Threshold): ...
      I will say this one is the most straightforward problem from the project since you have more than 60 % of the project on the Percolation problem. This problem only needs a small knowledge in math and thinking about how to use loops and classes in order to perform different feats in java. It challenged my prior knowledge in objects in java. I never used loops and objects but I was familiar with objects and conditionals so it taught me how objects come in handy when doing a big project or program. Overall, problem 2 was also a success with little failures on the way. 
3. Did you receive help from anyone? List their names, status (classmate, 
   CS210 grad, TA, other), and the nature of help received.
No one
   Name               Status       Help Received
   ----               ------       -------------

   ...                ...          ...

4. List any other comments here. Feel free to provide any feedback on how
   much you learned from doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed
   doing it.
     I learned how to work with objects and method. I learned how to choose the most efficient algorithm on solving problems. I learned that big projects in programming need more time than expected. 
   ...